feat(codebuild): attribute-based compute type for Fleet (#32251)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-codebuild/README.md

})
```

> ### Attribute based compute

Reviewer: The hyphen is also missing from the PR title, I think other instances are correct
```suggestion
### Attribute-based compute
```

You can use [attribute-based compute](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codebuild/latest/userguide/fleets.html#fleets.attribute-compute) for your fleet by setting the `computeType` to `ATTRIBUTE_BASED_COMPUTE`.
This allows you to specify the attributes in `computeConfiguration` such as vCPUs, memory, disk space, and the machineType.

> After specifying one or some of the available attributes, CodeBuild will choose a compute type from the available supported instance types as the finalized `computeConfiguration`.

Reviewer: Something like this, sounds a little clunky but adds more information imo
```suggestion
After specifying some or all of the available attributes, CodeBuild will select the cheapest compute type from available instance types as that at least matches all given criteria.
```
